README.md, before:

redux-search
-----

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/29597/11708504/c2f637ce-9ec4-11e5-8eb9-c248664e8d3b.png" alt="Redux Search" data-canonical-src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/29597/11708504/c2f637ce-9ec4-11e5-8eb9-c248664e8d3b.png" width="364" height="100" />

![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/redux-search.svg)
![NPM license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/redux-search.svg)
![NPM total downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/redux-search.svg)
![NPM monthly downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/redux-search.svg)
[![Circle CI badge](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/treasure-data/redux-search/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/treasure-data/redux-search)

Higher-order Redux library for searching collections of objects. Search algorithms powered by [js-worker-search](https://github.com/bvaughn/js-worker-search).

Check out the live demo at [treasure-data.github.io/redux-search](http://treasure-data.github.io/redux-search/)

Or install it yourself with NPM:

```
npm install --save redux-search
```

Overview
---------

This README provides a quick introduction of redux-search. For more details refer to the [API documentation](https://github.com/treasure-data/redux-search/tree/master/docs).

redux-search searches collections of documents and returns results as an `Array` of document ids. It is important to note that the documents themselves aren't returned. This is because the actual search is performed in a web-worker thread for performance reasons. In order to avoid serializing the documents and passing them back and forth, redux-search simply passes their ids.

Because of this, each document _must contain an `id` attribute_.

redux-search provides an [action](docs/README.md#createsearchactionresourcename) for searching resources as well as [selectors](docs/README.md#getsearchselectors-filterfunction-resourcename-resourceselector-searchstateselector-) for getting search results and the current search text. It then watches the store for resource changes and automatically updates search results as needed.

Example
---------

#### Configuring the Store

redux-search watches the store for changes to searchable collections and automatically builds a search index. To do this, it simply needs to be told which resources to watch and which fields to index.

```javascript
import { applyMiddleware, combineReducers, compose, createStore } from 'redux'
import { reducer as searchReducer, reduxSearch } from 'redux-search'

// Configure reducer to store state at state.search
// You can store it elsewhere but you will need to supply your own :searchStateSelector
const rootReducer = combineReducers({
  search: searchReducer
  // Your other reducers go here...
})

// Compose :reduxSearch with other store enhancers
const enhancer = compose(
  applyMiddleware(...yourMiddleware),
  reduxSearch({
    // Configure redux-search by telling it which resources to index for searching
    resourceIndexes: {
      // In this example Books will be searchable by :title and :author
      books: ['author', 'title']
    },
    // This selector is responsible for returning each collection of searchable resources
    resourceSelector: (resourceName, state) => {
      // In our example, all resources are stored in the state under a :resources Map
      // For example "books" are stored under state.resources.books
      return state.resources.get(resourceName)
    }
  })
)

// Note: passing enhancer as the last argument to createStore requires redux@>=3.1.0
const store = createStore(reducer, initialState, enhancer)
```

#### Connecting a Component

redux-search provides selectors and action-creators for easily connecting components with the search state. For example, using `reselect` you might connect your component like so:

```javascript
// Elsewhere, in a smart component module...
import { connect } from 'react-redux'
import { createSelector } from 'reselect'
import { createSearchAction, getSearchSelectors } from 'redux-search'

// :books is a map (Object or Immutable.Map) with ids as keys
// These ids correspond to :result returned by getSearchSelectors('books')
const books = state => state.getIn(['resources', 'books'])

// :text is a selector that returns the text Books are currently filtered by
// :result is an Array of Book ids that match the current seach :text (or all Books if there is no search :text)
const {
  text, // search text
  result // book ids
} = getSearchSelectors({
  resourceName: 'books',
  resourceSelector: (name, state) => state.resources.get(resourceName)
})

const selectors = createSelector(
  [result, books, text],
  (bookIds, books, searchText) => ({
    bookIds,
    books,
    searchText
  })
)

const actions = {
  searchBooks: createSearchAction('books')
}

export default connect(selectors, actions)(YourConnectedComponent)
```

Changelog
---------

Changes are tracked in the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md).

License
---------

redux-search is available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Updated README to mention babel-polyfill

README.md, after:

redux-search
-----

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/29597/11708504/c2f637ce-9ec4-11e5-8eb9-c248664e8d3b.png" alt="Redux Search" data-canonical-src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/29597/11708504/c2f637ce-9ec4-11e5-8eb9-c248664e8d3b.png" width="364" height="100" />

![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/redux-search.svg)
![NPM license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/redux-search.svg)
![NPM total downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/redux-search.svg)
![NPM monthly downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/redux-search.svg)
[![Circle CI badge](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/treasure-data/redux-search/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/treasure-data/redux-search)

Higher-order Redux library for searching collections of objects. Search algorithms powered by [js-worker-search](https://github.com/bvaughn/js-worker-search).

Check out the live demo at [treasure-data.github.io/redux-search](http://treasure-data.github.io/redux-search/)

Or install it yourself with NPM:

```
npm install --save redux-search
```

Overview
---------

This README provides a quick introduction of redux-search. For more details refer to the [API documentation](https://github.com/treasure-data/redux-search/tree/master/docs).

redux-search searches collections of documents and returns results as an `Array` of document ids. It is important to note that the documents themselves aren't returned. This is because the actual search is performed in a web-worker thread for performance reasons. In order to avoid serializing the documents and passing them back and forth, redux-search simply passes their ids.

Because of this, each document _must contain an `id` attribute_.

redux-search provides an [action](docs/README.md#createsearchactionresourcename) for searching resources as well as [selectors](docs/README.md#getsearchselectors-filterfunction-resourcename-resourceselector-searchstateselector-) for getting search results and the current search text. It then watches the store for resource changes and automatically updates search results as needed.

Note that redux-search currently depends on the Regenerator runtime. It is recommended that your project require the [`babel-polyfill`](https://babeljs.io/docs/usage/polyfill/) to provide that runtime.

Example
---------

#### Configuring the Store

redux-search watches the store for changes to searchable collections and automatically builds a search index. To do this, it simply needs to be told which resources to watch and which fields to index.

```javascript
import { applyMiddleware, combineReducers, compose, createStore } from 'redux'
import { reducer as searchReducer, reduxSearch } from 'redux-search'

// Configure reducer to store state at state.search
// You can store it elsewhere but you will need to supply your own :searchStateSelector
const rootReducer = combineReducers({
  search: searchReducer
  // Your other reducers go here...
})

// Compose :reduxSearch with other store enhancers
const enhancer = compose(
  applyMiddleware(...yourMiddleware),
  reduxSearch({
    // Configure redux-search by telling it which resources to index for searching
    resourceIndexes: {
      // In this example Books will be searchable by :title and :author
      books: ['author', 'title']
    },
    // This selector is responsible for returning each collection of searchable resources
    resourceSelector: (resourceName, state) => {
      // In our example, all resources are stored in the state under a :resources Map
      // For example "books" are stored under state.resources.books
      return state.resources.get(resourceName)
    }
  })
)

// Note: passing enhancer as the last argument to createStore requires redux@>=3.1.0
const store = createStore(reducer, initialState, enhancer)
```

#### Connecting a Component

redux-search provides selectors and action-creators for easily connecting components with the search state. For example, using `reselect` you might connect your component like so:

```javascript
// Elsewhere, in a smart component module...
import { connect } from 'react-redux'
import { createSelector } from 'reselect'
import { createSearchAction, getSearchSelectors } from 'redux-search'

// :books is a map (Object or Immutable.Map) with ids as keys
// These ids correspond to :result returned by getSearchSelectors('books')
const books = state => state.getIn(['resources', 'books'])

// :text is a selector that returns the text Books are currently filtered by
// :result is an Array of Book ids that match the current seach :text (or all Books if there is no search :text)
const {
  text, // search text
  result // book ids
} = getSearchSelectors({
  resourceName: 'books',
  resourceSelector: (name, state) => state.resources.get(resourceName)
})

const selectors = createSelector(
  [result, books, text],
  (bookIds, books, searchText) => ({
    bookIds,
    books,
    searchText
  })
)

const actions = {
  searchBooks: createSearchAction('books')
}

export default connect(selectors, actions)(YourConnectedComponent)
```

Changelog
---------

Changes are tracked in the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md).

License
---------

redux-search is available under the MIT License.
